Update unions.md - Added information that let's the user know to import the resolver in a schema-first approach (#1665)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/graphql/unions.md

export type ResultUnion = Author | Book;
```

> Unions require an extra `__resolveType` field in the resolver map to determine which type the union should resolve to. Let's create a `ResultUnionResolver` class and define the `__resolveType` method. Note that the `ResultUnionResolver` class has to be registered in the required module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unions require an extra `__resolveType` field in the resolver map to determine which type the union should resolve to. Also, note that the `ResultUnionResolver` class has to be registered as a provider in any module. Let's create a `ResultUnionResolver` class and define the `__resolveType` method. 
```
